Hi, I'm Selva Prabhakaran. In this one, let's understand clearly the Bayesian optimization
method for hyper parameter tuning. Now, you know, hyper parameter tuning is a key step in
machine learning model building, but it can be quite time taking. So we will understand
everything about Bayesian optimization specifically. Okay. But to be clear, let's quickly revise
what is hyper parameter tuning in the first place so that everything will make sense and
fall in place. This is how machine learning model building happens. Say you have the features and
the variable that you want to predict X and Y respectively. This you have in your data,
the data is split into training data set on which the model will be actually trained. Then you will
do the prediction on validation data set, which has not been shown to the model during training,
right? So you will do the prediction. So X and Y from the train is passed to the ML model. This is
the training process. Okay. You get the predictions on the validation data set, the Y hat. Then you
compare the Y hat against the actual Y from the validation data set. From that you compute the